Sorry.
You apologize every time you do something wrong
If it weren't for my body
Neither will you.
I wouldn't know.
The person you have always missed
Just a bubble of love
Uh, it's nothing really. Hmm
Have you ever done it all over again?
It's like I'm always talking about myself
What about yours? What can I say?
Can you let me know?
In fact, I grew up in an orphanage
My parents have been gone since I was a child
Relatives and friends don't want me anymore
So I grew up knowing
People need to live in this world
You're on your own.
And then? And then I'm all alone?
Sometimes it can be a little unhappy to be bullied.
But come to think of it, it was nothing.
Why didn't you tell me this?
Who would have nothing to say about this?
Then what's the matter with you and that Wang Zitao?
He helped me when I was down and confused
Because no one has ever been so kind to me?
I thought he was my prince on a white horse
Hmm but I didn't expect
He is the prince charming of many people
This prince is not only fucking deceiving
He cheated people out of money.
He, get ready
I'm going to accompany my friend Mr. Chen tonight
Why is that?
I'm your girlfriend.
Why are you going to accompany that 60-year-old man?
Over 60 is not old
And it's just for one night.